---
title: Setup
description: Getting started with ElevenLabs UI Vue
---

Installing ElevenLabs UI Vue components is straightforward and can be done in a couple of ways. You can use the dedicated CLI command for the fastest setup, or integrate via the standard shadcn-vue CLI if you've already adopted shadcn-vue's workflow.

## Prerequisites

Before installing ElevenLabs UI Vue, make sure your environment meets the following requirements:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) version 18 or later
- A [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/) or [Nuxt.js](https://nuxt.com/) project
- [shadcn-vue](https://shadcn-vue.com/) setup in your project. If you don't have it setup, running any install command will set it up for you.

## Installing components

You can install ElevenLabs UI Vue components using either the `elevenlabs-ui-vue` CLI or the `shadcn-vue` CLI. Both achieve the same result: adding the selected component’s code and any needed dependencies to your project.

::code-tabs
  ::tabs-list
    ::tabs-trigger{value="cli"}
      CLI
    ::
    ::tabs-trigger{value="shadcn"}
      shadcn
    ::
  ::
  ::tabs-content{value="cli"}
    ```bash
    npx elevenlabs-ui-vue@latest components add orb
    ```
  ::

  ::tabs-content{value="shadcn"}
    ```bash
    npx shadcn@latest add https://elevenlabs-ui-vue.com/orb.json
    ```
  ::
::

The CLI will download the component's code and integrate it into your project's directory (usually under your components folder).

After running the command, you should see a confirmation in your terminal that the files were added. You can then proceed to use the component in your code.

## Configure Nuxt Shadcn Module

To ensure that Elevenlabs UI Vue components are properly registered and avoid console warnings from Nuxt's auto-import feature, you need to modify your nuxt.config.ts to add the AI Elements directory to the shadcn module configuration.

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  // ...
  modules: ['shadcn-nuxt'],
  shadcn: {
    /**
     * Prefix for all the imported component.
     * @default "Ui"
     */
    prefix: '',
    /**
     * Directory that the component lives in.
     * Will respect the Nuxt aliases.
     * @link https://nuxt.com/docs/api/nuxt-config#alias
     * @default "@/components/ui"
     */
    componentDir: '@/components/ui',
    componentDir: [
      '@/components/ui',
      // Elevenlabs UI elements
      {
        path: '@/components/elevenlabs-ui',
        prefix: '',
      },
    ],
  }
})
```